RESIDUAL PLOTS
Residual plots help you evaluate and improve your regression model.
A residual is the difference between the observed value of the dependent variable (y) and the predicted value (ŷ). 
There are a few common residual plots. The first one we’ll cover is the residuals vs. fitted plot. 
This plot tests the assumptions of whether the relationship between your variables is linear (i.e. linearity) and 
the whether there is equal variance along the regression line (i.e. homoscedasticity).
A “good” residuals vs. fitted plot should be relatively shapeless without clear patterns in the data, no obvious outliers, 
and be generally symmetrically distributed around the 0 line without particularly large residuals.


NORMAL QQ PLOT
The normal qq plot helps us determine if our dependent variable is normally distributed by plotting quantiles (i.e. percentiles)
 from our distribution against a theoretical distribution. If our data is normally distributed, it will be plotted in a generally straight line on the qq plot.


SCALE LOCATION PLOT
The Scale-Location plot shows whether our residuals are spread equally along the predictor range, i.e. homoscedastic.
We want the line on this plot to be horizontal with randomly spread points on the plot.


RESIDUAL VS LEVERAGE PLOT
The Residuals vs. Leverage plots helps you identify influential data points on your model. Outliers can be influential, 
though they don’t necessarily have to it and some points within a normal range in your model could be very influential.

The points we’re looking for(or not looking for) are values in the upper right or lower right corners, which are outside the red dashed Cook’s distance line. These are points that would be influential in the model and removing them would likely noticeably alter the regression results.




Source: 
https://medium.com/data-distilled/residual-plots-part-3-scale-location-plot-113e469b99c
https://medium.com/data-distilled/residual-plots-part-2-normal-qq-plots-c220ee9ed9fc
https://medium.com/data-distilled/residual-plots-part-1-residuals-vs-fitted-plot-f069849616b1
https://medium.com/data-distilled/residual-plots-part-4-residuals-vs-leverage-plot-14aeed009ef7
